Explanation of the Solution Approach

Reading Input URLs:
Load the URLs from an Excel file (Input.xlsx) using a data manipulation library like pandas.

Scraping Article Content:
For each URL, make an HTTP request to fetch the webpage content using a library like requests.
Parse the HTML content using a library like BeautifulSoup.
Extract only the relevant parts: the article title and body text.

Saving Articles:
Save the extracted title and article text to individual text files.
Name each file according to a unique identifier (URL_ID) provided in the Excel file.
How to Run the .py File to Generate Output

Install Required Libraries:

Ensure that pandas, beautifulsoup4, and requests libraries are installed by running:
bash
Copy code
pip install pandas beautifulsoup4 requests
Download NLTK Resources:

If the script uses NLTK resources for text analysis, download them by running:

(import nltk
nltk.download('punkt')
nltk.download('stopwords')
Run the Script:)

Save the Python script as extract_text.py.

Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the directory where the script is saved.
Run the script by executing:

python extract_text.py
Dependencies Required
pandas: For reading and writing Excel files, managing data frames.
beautifulsoup4: For web scraping and parsing HTML content.
requests: For making HTTP requests to fetch webpage content.
nltk: For natural language processing tasks (if used in the script).
Instructions Summary
Install Libraries:

Run the following command to install necessary Python libraries:

(pip install pandas beautifulsoup4 requests)

Download NLTK Data:

If natural language processing is needed, download necessary NLTK resources by running:

(import nltk
nltk.download('punkt')
nltk.download('stopwords'))

Run the Script:

Save the script as extract_text.py.
Open a terminal or command prompt, navigate to the script's directory, and execute:

(python extract_text.py)

Output:

The script will create a directory named TitleText.
Inside this directory, each article's title and text will be saved in separate text files.
Each file will be named according to the URL_ID from the Excel file, ensuring that each article is easily identifiable.